OK.
So let's create the GSX for this render Paul just to show something so we can have the data available
inside pull teams around.
When are we fetching.
We update the state and then we can have pool teams.
OK.
So I'm going to go to render Paul and start doing the logic.
You can have a compromise with this.
A few problems and I'm just going to solve problems as we go.
So since we want to return some jazz acts that it's going to be inside a map we need to look there's
a way we can say okay return of course after we return.
We want to access whatever information we have inside pool teams.
So it's going to be this state that pulled teams since we want to begin to use IMAP.
Right.
The map is going to take an argument and then just run a function right.
We're going to pass an item for each iteration and we want to return some GSX.
Let's add some data first that are going to show you what we can do going every turn just a div and
an each with each iteration.
We need to have a key.
Ok so I'm going to say key and this one is going to be equal to item dot ID if you check the DV that
Jason each team has an 80 get.
So what is next.
So the next is going to be adding the class name.
It's going to be a class name and we can have a poll underscore id..
All right.
We're going can have more things right here but we're going to do it later.
So each element has an image so I'm going to say EMG and then just going to open and close.
Now the EMG is going to have an alt title.
So the title is going to be we're going to just use the name of the team is going to be item that name
right.
We can have a source and the source is going to be equal to the image we're passing.
So inside the Jasen logo contains the image.
So OK so we are going to go right here use template strings and then just put the location.
So it's going to be for flash images for these large teams for Nash and whatever name you're using a
logo.
So it's going to be item Dopp logo right.
So you know this should be working.
And now get a prom.
So we got to say this is going to tell us this state that poll teams map it's not a function.
Whenever you get this message it's because you're trying to loop something that has no data that it's
not not defined or that something that it's not an array you know map is just a loop race arrays of
data.
So that's why it's going to give you this error message is going to break.
So instead of just doing an if statement just like we did before we going to check if there's that state
that pulse teams has data.
Let me just do it right now just to show you.
It's good to see if and we've been doing this we did this previously many many times.
If I check if this St. Paul teams has data I want to return something if not of course is not going
to do anything.
And this is going to work you know going to go right here and it's going to show us right.
The the information right here.
Ugly but it's working.
But the thing is that I'm going to go back and just delete this.
Just go back to the previous state and we get the error.
OK.
So we are trying to loop this information and this information.
It's inside the state now whenever the applications start this teams team's going to be a string an
empty string but it's a string.
Yeah.
So what we can do this is we can change the default state and instead of using a string which it can
use an array and the map is going to skip that error.
And it's going to.
Of course the first time that descenders is going to return nothing but the next time you can have the
poll teams and it's going to return something that's good.
So let's go let's keep moving forward.
We can and we can have a problem with this or can it just call Dave and just bring the count.
We have for each team.
So I'm going to say item that count and then begin at boats and of course it can show the image and
the boats that we have for each team.
OK.
That's good.
Now the thing is that if you go to the final application whenever ever read rendering the data the first
team the one that has more boats is going to have the first than the second and then the third.
We didn't have the information on the database.
Now this information we put it right there dynamically so we can a new way to loop through this and
to inject this first second and third what we can do we can use an array.
So on the show I'm going to go right here and create a variable.
It is going to host an array of the first second and third.
So I'm going to say Konst and this concert is going to host the positions.
All right.
And this is going to be an array of strings.
So the first item is going to be first going to do one and s t.
Then the second item on the array is going to be second and the third item is going to be.
Of course third.
So yeah.
So one not next one.
We loop this state we have an iteration number.
So whenever we map the second argument right here could be the index we can say Index.
This index is going to be the number of the iteration.
The first time there is going to trade.
This index is going to be equal to zero.
And is we have an array right here.
And zero is going to be one.
What I can do is just create a new element.
But it's going to be I'm going to make an A for is going to be for I'm going to just bring some data
when I want to do is grab whatever we have on the position.
And this is the first iteration is going to be zero and the first element the zero loop is going to
be the first one I'm going to just call to positions position and I'm going to pass the number of the
iteration if I do zero.
All of them are going to be of course one
one first first first bud if I pass the index we can about fix the problem can loop.
Killed it go again.
It's going to be first second and third.
Now what this is doing we are mapping over.
We're doing a map.
And the first iteration is going to be zero.
So this decision that index is going to be this one the zero position inside this array.
The next iteration is going to be index.
It's going to be one because it's the second situation and it's going to be positioned in next and we're
going to get the second one.
The next one is going to be in next to this.
The third iteration.
So this is going to be two and we get this one.
You know the arrays start to zero.
I'm just telling you this because maybe you didn't know about this.
If your experience with javascript arrays and functions and iterators you get to know this of course
you're going to say yeah do it now but maybe you don't know.
So I'm just explaining you what's happening right here.
So OK so this is working.
We get the images we get the positions it's working nicely.
Of course it's ugly but it works.
Now what we need to do whenever we click an item just an element we need to trigger a function that
it's going to be triggered with the On Click event and this function is going to just go to the database
at that account and then it's going to just call again to the fetch poll so we can get the information
again with the new state of boats.
Let's go to the next section and just do that.